README.md, before:

# Team Profile Generator

## Description

A web application that helps managers generate a webpage that displays their team's info in order to have quick access to their emails and GitHub profiles.

## Table of Contents

- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Walkthrough Video](#walkthrough-video)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Author](#author)

### Built-With

![html](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-red.svg)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-blue.svg)
![Javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-brightgreen.svg)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-blueviolet.svg)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-ff69b4.svg)
![JQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/JQuery-green.svg)

### Installation

Clone the repository in the CLI: `git clone https://github.com/mavila6/team-profile-generator.git`. To install necessary dependencies, run the following code in the console: `npm i`.

### Usage

Run `npm start` in the command line to initiate the server. Answer the following prompts to generate your team page.

### Walkthrough-Video

![Walkthrough Video](/)

### Tests

Run `npm run test` in the command line.

### Acknowledgements

- Collaborated with [Kama Castaneda](https://github.com/kamacasta) to complete this challenge.

### Questions

If you have any questions feel free to take a look at my [GitHub](https://github.com/mavila6) or contact me at mavila6@email.arizona.edu

### Author

![Picture](https://github.com/mavila6.png?size=100)

&copy; 2021 Marco Avila

Commit message:

added screenshots to the readme

README.md, after:

# Team Profile Generator

## Description

A web application that helps managers generate a webpage that displays their team's info in order to have quick access to their emails and GitHub profiles.

## Table of Contents

- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [Questions](#questions)
- [Author](#author)

### Built-With

![html](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-red.svg)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-blue.svg)
![Javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-brightgreen.svg)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-blueviolet.svg)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-ff69b4.svg)
![JQuery](https://img.shields.io/badge/JQuery-green.svg)

### Installation

Clone the repository in the CLI: `git clone https://github.com/mavila6/team-profile-generator.git`. To install necessary dependencies, run the following code in the console: `npm i`.

### Usage

Run `node index` in the command line to initiate the server. Answer the following prompts to generate your team page.

### Screenshots

![tests](./src/images/tests.png)
![prompts](./src/images/prompts.png)

### Tests

Run `npm run test` in the command line.

### Acknowledgements

- Collaborated with [Kama Castaneda](https://github.com/kamacasta) to complete this challenge.

### Questions

If you have any questions feel free to take a look at my [GitHub](https://github.com/mavila6) or contact me at mavila6@email.arizona.edu

### Author

![Picture](https://github.com/mavila6.png?size=100)

&copy; 2021 Marco Avila
